Seventh Young Master
This is all said by Zhang Shoucheng, this trash
It has nothing to do with our Qi family.
Now the intercession is over
Isn't he Zhang Shoucheng the virtuous son-in-law of your Qi family?
How dare you slander his old man behind his back?
Master Hongyuan will never let you go when he knows
Three days later is the time for Hongyuan Master to refine alchemy
I advise your family to come to the door to apologize
Otherwise, I'm going to make it difficult for you to eat and walk around
But telling the truth is a threat
It seems that the measure of your Hongyuan master
Not so good
This pill was given to the ancestor of Hongyan
Much better than he practiced
You said you didn't take a shower?
Mud balls rubbed down
It is more useful than the elixir of Hongyuan Lion
Crazy Zhang birthday
You kid is dead